HEERAK KASHYAP

ACADEMIC PROFILE
Degree/Certificate| Institution Percentage/CGPA|

B-Tech Electrical Engineering IIT (BHU), Varanasi 8.42
CBSE (XII) DAV public school, Amritsar 88.80
CBSE (X) Dav public school, Lawrence road Amritsar 88.00

SKILLS

Exposure
e Programming Languages: C, C++, Python
e Exposure: Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning, NLP

PROJECTS

Sentiment Analysis of IMDB reviews using LSTM Model

e Visualized IMDB reviews for the movies that were annotated in positive, neutral or negative classes, made sureData
Imbalance was not there, DataPre-Processing was done.

e further Tokenization and Pad sequences were applied to the data, we set up theL STM model with Embedding,
Lstm and Dense Layers, compiled the model withAdam, binary Cross entropy and metrics as Accuracy.

« Trained the model with5 epochs, Model Evaluation was done with92% Accuracy on Test data and finally made a
predictive system.

Face Mask Recognition using CNN Model

¢ Changed the labels for the collected dataset inBinary digits, followed by Image Processing by doing Image Resizing
& converting in NumPy Arrays.

« After performing train test data split, scaling of data set was done andCNN model was being prepared.

¢ TensorFlow and Keras Lib were used, further Sequential model along with Conv2D, MaxPooling2D, Flatten,

Dense, Dropoutwere used.

Compiling of Neural Network was done using adam, categorical crossentropy, acc as metrics then Training of CNN
was done and model Evaluation was done on Test data with >93% accuracy.

** SMS/E- Mail Spam and ham Classifier Model**

e using TF-IDF Vectorizer, an end-to-end model was built and deployed onHeroku .Performed EDA and Data Cleaning
on the dataset , further Feature Engineering and Tokenization was done.

e Tokenized data was Pre-processed. Word Cloud, Pair-plot, Hist plot and Correlation was used to display the
relationship n/w various features, created a Multinomial Naive bayes model that predicted input text as Spam/ham
and used this model as Performance baseline, gaining precision_score : 1 and Accuracy > 99%

¢ Tried using Voting Classifier to boost the Performance, compared the model performance by using other models :
ETC, KN and finally created a website and deployed onHeroku.

CERTIFIED COURSES

Microsoft Azure Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals (Al-900)

Passed the Al-900 Exam

Scored 850/1000 in Microsoft Azure Al Fundamentals Exam (Al-900) and Required score to Pass the Exam - 700
Machine Learning 1 month (22 june - 22 july)
1 month of Internship in ML

Completed 2 months of Training/Internship at Wayspire EdTech Pvt Ltd in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY

Video Editor

served as Video Editor/grapher for departmental fest video

Captured some amazing drone shots of Electrical department and also helped senior in Editing major clips for the
respected video.

DFZ 1 month
Choreographed/participated in Outfest'23

Participated as a core member for the outfest'23 held in NIT Kurukshetra

HONOURS AND ACHIEVEMENTS

MIT (Manipal Institute of Technology ) Exam
Among top 0.6% of candidates who appeared for MIT exam , securing AIR - 1325
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

G-20 1 month
represented IIT BHU During G-20 summit from DFZ
Performed Bhangra in a group dance in front of various representatives from various countries choreographed by myself
and other team partner .
Powerlifting
Arm-wrestling Competition (IMS BHU )
Participated in Arm -wrestling competition held in IMS BHU and secured 1st position in ( 85> kgs ) Category .
Powerlifting
Deadlift Competition
Participated in deadlift competition during Gc Boys and secured 3rd place in ( 69-77 kgs ) Category .
T: 7837013966 E: kashyapheerk@gmail.com Address: B-566 , Ranjit Avenue, Amritsar

